Translation corrections (#450)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_014.txt

//rそれなのに、…疑心暗鬼に陥るあまりにそばにいる人の気持ちすら疑って、激情に任せて悪しざまに酷いことを言ってしまって…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それなのに、…疑心暗鬼に陥るあまりにそばにいる人の気持ちすら疑って、激情に任せて悪しざまに酷いことを言ってしまって…。",

> 			NULL, "And yet... excess paranoia led her to doubt the feelings of even those closest to her, driving herself into fury and saying horrible things to them...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And yet... excess paranoia led her to doubt the feelings of even the man closest to her, losing herself to her passion and saying horrible things to him...", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//r冷静になってからその過ちを悟り、失ったと思ったものの大きさを理解した瞬間、…心をつなぎとめていた支えが、…一気に崩れ落ちてしまったのだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "冷静になってからその過ちを悟り、失ったと思ったものの大きさを理解した瞬間、…心をつなぎとめていた支えが、…一気に崩れ落ちてしまったのだ。",
			NULL, "So the moment she calmed down, realized her mistake, and understood the magnitude of what she thought she'd lost... the support holding her heart together... fell apart all at once.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//真澄r-vS14/00/VT4Bb_masumi1003.（…もう、謝っても…遅すぎる）
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>真澄</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Masumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_masumi1003", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "（…もう、謝っても…遅すぎる）",
			NULL, "(...Even if I apologize... it's already too late.)", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rだけど、自分の想いだけは信じてほしい。…正気を失ってまともな思考もできなくなった彼女が、最後に切実に願ったその心の現われが…自ら命を絶つことだった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "だけど、自分の想いだけは信じてほしい。…正気を失ってまともな思考もできなくなった彼女が、最後に切実に願ったその心の現われが…自ら命を絶つことだった。",

> 			NULL, "However, she at least wanted to believe in her feelings. ...The last thing she earnest wished for after losing her sanity and ability to think properly... was to end her life.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer 2: Isn't てほしい usually used when someone wants *someone else* to do something?  It might make more sense as some sort of extension of the previous line's thought, would explain the sudden present tense as well

Also earnest**ly**

> 			NULL, "However, she at least wanted to believe in her feelings. ...The last thing she earnest wished for after losing her sanity and ability to think properly... was to end her life.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "However, she at least wanted him to believe in her feelings. ...The last thing she earnestly wished for after losing her sanity and ability to think properly... was to end her life.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6e5947>塚田</color>", NULL, "<color=#6e5947>Tsukada</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 33, "ps3/s14/33/vt4bb_tsukada1237", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「ただの自己満足かもしれない。",

> 			NULL, "\"Maybe I'm just thinking that for my own satisfaction.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Maybe I'm just thinking egotistically.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//r恋人を想うあまり、…そのことで彼がどう感じて、そしてどれだけ傷つくかにまで思考が回らなかった真澄。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "恋人を想うあまり、…そのことで彼がどう感じて、そしてどれだけ傷つくかにまで思考が回らなかった真澄。",
			NULL, "Masumi, who loved Tsukada so much... and didn't realize how he felt and how much she'd hurt him.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそして、聖人君子でもない限り背負う必要のない義務を抱え込んで、自らの人生を焼きつくそうとしていた塚田。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして、聖人君子でもない限り背負う必要のない義務を抱え込んで、自らの人生を焼きつくそうとしていた塚田。",
			NULL, "And Tsukada, who burdened himself with obligations no man but a saint need shoulder, and tried to burn out his own life.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r呆れるほどに愚かしく、そして悲しいほどに不器用な二人の不幸な顛末を思うと、…胸が締め付けられたように切なくて、哀れだった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "呆れるほどに愚かしく、そして悲しいほどに不器用な二人の不幸な顛末を思うと、…胸が締め付けられたように切なくて、哀れだった。",

> 			NULL, "Thinking of the lamentable ending these astonishingly and pitifully awkward two suffered... Tomoe felt her chest tighten in misery.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Thinking of the lamentable ending these astonishingly stupid and pitifully awkward two suffered... Tomoe felt her chest tighten in misery.", Line_Normal);
```

> 			NULL, "Thinking of the lamentable ending these astonishingly and pitifully awkward two suffered... Tomoe felt her chest tighten in misery.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Thinking of the lamentable ending these astonishingly stupid and pitifully awkward two suffered... Tomoe felt her chest tighten in misery.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//r結局、その信念が強くて純粋であればあるほど、…他者から見れば傲岸不遜なものにしか映らないということなのだろうか…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "結局、その信念が強くて純粋であればあるほど、…他者から見れば傲岸不遜なものにしか映らないということなのだろうか…。",

> 			NULL, "In the end, the stronger and more pure your beliefs are... the more they appear as nothing but arrogant to an outsider...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "In the end, the stronger and more pure your beliefs are... the more they appear as sheer arrogance to an outsider...", Line_Normal);
```
